[LUCIUS]
I was born in London.
As for my upbringing, you
could say it was unique.
My father was a detective,
while my mum was a thief.
And though it sounds like a
joke, I assure you it's true.
Fortunately, I acquired
talents from both of them.
Father taught me how to hone
my observational skills,
read body language,
learn foreign tongues,
and understand the
workings of the mind.
My mother gave me lessons
on how to disarm traps,
find a person's blind spot,
as well as the art
of charming and
manipulating others.
However, neither of my
parents pressured me
to follow in their footsteps.
They wanted me to figure
out how to make a living.
To find my own way.
[LUCIUS]
When I was 15,
both of them perished after
their plane crashed.
It was only after being
truly alone did I realize
I had been complacent
learning their skills,
and never made a
single decision on my own.
I had next to no experience
choosing how I wished to live.
Someone guide me in
the right direction.
Just when I was at my wits' end,
I found salvation in
my late father's study.
He had been commissioned
to uncover the secrets
within a game called
Infinite Dendrogram.
I wanted to investigate, but how
could I explore a new world
when my own was falling apart?
What was the game's
promotional tagline again?
[LUCIUS] For a person who had
lost sight of where they
were headed, there
are no sweeter words.
All right.
I guess I'll take you up on
the offer. New possibilities.
Hopefully, they can
show me what I'm missing,
and reveal my potential.
[LUCIUS]
Let's do this.
[HUGO]
Motor Slash!
[MARILYN roars]
[HUGO grunts]
[ROOK]
Babi. Little Flare.
Coming right up!
[ROOK] Now he'll step
with his right leg...
An upward slice with
his left blade...
Do your thing, Liz.
Marilyn! Attack him!
[MARILYN roars]
[CYCO]
How annoying.
It's like he's anticipating
our every move. No. He is.
If things continue
the way they're going,
we'll run out of steam.
And yet...
I wonder how long
you can stay unfrozen
while La Porte de
l'Enfer is active.
[ROOK] Me, too. I freeze
about the same amount,
but the intervals are
all over the place.
The second hit from
the ice occurred
39 seconds after the first.
While the third took place
130 seconds after that.
If my math is correct,
the greatest common divisor
of those numbers is thirteen.
There must be some significance
between Hugo and that number.
I need to a moment
to think, Liz.
Concentrate on evasion
and defense.
The skill has three effects:
Gradually freezing over time.
Similar to what both Audrey
and I experienced.
[ROOK] But she was
instantaneously half‐frozen.
Then, you have the Masters
who turned into ice statues
with only one attack.
Finally, there's
Babi and Marilyn.
They didn't freeze at all.
What criteria determines who
gets frozen and how much?
Is it only humans?
No. Audrey was affected.
Maybe the amount one's impacted
by the ice is relative
to their level and stats.
No. That doesn't explain
the difference between
Audrey and Marilyn,
who have similar numbers.
Maybe there's no pattern
and it's completely random.
No. Luck‐based skills aren't
reliable enough to defend
a strategic location.
There's got to be a rule
governing the effect.
[HUGO yelling]
He's headed right for you!
[ROOK]
Two seconds till he hits me.
That's fine. Enough time
to figure this out.
What if I'm approaching
this from the wrong angle?
There's a relation between an
Embryo's name and their skill.
She's Cocytus.
In Dante's Divine Comedy
that's the lowest Circle
of Hell, a frozen lake.
Where Satan is trapped in ice,
continuously
gnawing on traitors.
There has to be a deeper
connection here
besides the freezing aspect.
Something to do
with the number 13.
What makes the lowest
Circle a hell?
Or determines if an act
is traitorous?
It'd be easier if there
were some sort of way
to represent treachery,
like a concrete number.
Wait a minute. A number.
One exists!
Not only can it be linked
to the act of betrayal,
but it explains the difference
with the freezing effect!
Why some players get
frozen more than others.
I understand. La Porte de
l'Enfer is counting...
Rook! No!
[CYCO]
It's finished.
Not yet.
He survived.
You gave it your best shot,
but I'm taking you down.
[HUGO]
You're resilient for a Pimp.
[ROOK]
Hmph. I owe it all to Ray.
Yes, well, don't expect
to be so lucky next time.
And besides, you're gradually
being consumed
by La Porte de l'Enfer.
Yeah, I noticed.
If you're familiar with chess,
it'd be fair to say your
skill has me in check.
After all, back at the colosseum
plaza, it was necessary
for me to take down some
of those player killers.
I don't follow.
La Porte de l'Enfer,
the effects differ depending
on the number of
kills a player has,
but only for creatures
that share their type.
Seven humans, huh?
Yeah. If I had to guess,
I'd say that's about
the amount my body
gets frozen each time.
Every 13 seconds,
your Embryo's ability has
an x‐percent chance
of freezing x‐percent of a
selected target's body,
depending on how
high their betrayal is.
Sound about right?
So, in my case, there's a
7% chance every 13 seconds,
7% of me will be frozen,
while anyone with over a hundred
kills will freeze 100%.
You create an icy hell for
traitors who've killed
their fellow creatures.
Given the effectiveness,
it explains why you're stationed
by the escape route.
[HUGO] Interesting deduction,
but just because the conditions
meet your theory
doesn't make it true.
Yeah, nice try, but I can tell
by your voice, that I nailed it.
Or didn't you know?
You're a terrible liar.
And that's precisely the
reason I hate you so much.
I despise your kind.
People who are obviously
dishonest and insecure.
People like you.
You're wrong.
[ROOK]
But what annoys me the most
are the traits you
share with Ray.
Both of you see this world
as real and not a game.
And yet, this is how you behave.
It's so... irritating.
How you've allied with Franklin
and his sick game.
You do realize you're complicit?
Yet, you just wave it off
and keep saying
there's no other way.
Nearly everything that pours out
of your mouth is an excuse.
And another thing.
Not only do you twist reason
to justify your actions,
you claim you're terrible,
making excuses for your excuses.
It's annoying how
indecisive you are.
Asking Ray to fight after
telling him to go through.
Then saying you regret it.
You act tormented
by your decisions,
but seem to enjoy
wallowing in guilt!
Speaking of, could you
do everyone a favor
and spare us the
theatrical pedantry!
You irritate the hell outta me!
[HUGO growls]
And on top of that,
your Magingear's design
is super tacky!
We're so done with you!
[ROOK]
I take it back.
Remember that person I
compared you to earlier?
Well, I was wrong. You're even
more obnoxious and loathsome.
Shut up. You hear me?
Shut your mouth.
Stop wallowing in doubt,
young lady.
How's this for indecision?
Union Jack.
Wait. You're not...
Just who are you?
I'm Union Jack.
Dragon‐Devil‐Man!
[grunts, gasps]
[DRAGON‐DEVIL‐MAN]
And this is Little Flare!
That's the magic skill
his Embryo was using
against us earlier!
[DRAGON‐DEVIL‐MAN]
Tri‐Horn Uppercut!
[HUGO] And the Demi‐Dragon's
attack! Right! Let's dance!
[HUGO]
Motor Slash!
How'd he dodge that blind? Uh!
So, the three of you merged.
I don't understand.
How can you use a skill of that
caliber with no preparation?
I did prepare.
For a while, too.
Got a question for you.
When do you think I first
started charging the attack?
Don't play games with me.
[DRAGON‐DEVIL‐MAN]
Hate to tell you,
but I'm the one who
had you cornered.
[ROOK]
If you're familiar with chess,
it'd be fair to say your
skill has me in check.
We're so done with you!
Check and done.
Meaning that insulting speech
he delivered was merely
a ploy to buy him enough time.
Right now, my creature
type's "chimera."
And since I've never
defeated one,
La Porte de l'Enfer
has no effect on me.
So, Hugo Lesseps.
Would you care to battle?
A duel, Rook Holmes?
Very well. I'll face you.
Tri‐Horn, Grand Dash!
Purgatorial Slash!
I wasn't strong
enough to beat you.
[CYCO]
That was too close for comfort.
True, but we did still‐‐
[glass shattering]
[gasps]
[ROOK]
Thanks, Liz. Well done.
Male Temptation.
Lilim Temptation.
[HUGO gasps]
And that's checkmate.
[FRANKLIN] If you'd be so kind
as to look up here.
And wave to your adoring
public. Cause, after all,
you're being projected over
Gideon and the capital.
Wanna tell us why
or should we guess?
Well, for starters,
I'm going to snap this
kingdom's spirit in half.
And for that to work, I need
the Altarians to witness
how pathetic its defenders are
and how incapable the Duel
City was in stopping me.
I can't wait to hear
the second reason.
I was just getting to it.
I want to publicly
humiliate the ones
who thought it was
wise to chase me.
You are one sick bastard.
Well, that concludes the test.
[NEMESIS]
Hugo's duel was a trick.
Without a Counter Absorption,
the situation's grim.
[NEMESIS] If only we hadn't
fought at the western gate.
[RAY] There's too many guards
around to use Hellish Miasma,
and flames don't seem to work.
[NEMESIS]
What now?
The only option left is
taking damage and using
a Vengeance is Mine
to try and end things.
[NEMESIS]
Ray?
Ladies and gentlemen,
may I have your attention!
It's time to reveal the
conclusion of my little game!
Which will take place in
approximately 652 seconds.
When the counter winds
on down to zero,
well, the switch will activate,
releasing a horde of monsters
throughout the city.
Show mercy. Don't do this.
Maybe you're right and I
should hand over the remote.
Oh‐ho!
[FRANKLIN] Guess the only
way of stopping me now
is to get on with trying
to defeat the RSK.
May I present the three brave
souls defending Gideon's future.
We have Lady Grandria,
Sir Lindos,
and the only Master
in attendance...
Paladin and all‐around
Boy Scout Ray Starling!
When your city's
wiped off the map
and you want to know
who wasn't able save it,
look no further!
[NEMESIS] Just when I thought
he couldn't be a bigger jerk!
Watch out, Ray! That light
is followed by an attack!
[RAY groans]
[NEMESIS]
This might just work!
[RAY] Yeah. Just need to keep
charging damage,
then heal, and land
a Vengeance is Mine.
So, why do I feel so uneasy?
[NEMESIS] There could be
more to this abomination
than meets the eye. However...
[FRANKLIN] Oh, I forgot to talk
about this little darling.
Its barrier is
linked to the RSK.
If you want to save
the princess,
you'll have to defeat
my creation first.
[NEMESIS] He's not leaving us
with any other choice...
You know what to do, Nemesis.
[NEMESIS]
Right!
[RAY yells]
[NEMESIS]
Your damage total...
Sounds like something's wrong.
[NEMESIS] The damage is clearly
coming from the RSK monster,
but it feels like it's scattered
all over the place.
Let's try using it once.
[NEMESIS] We won't have
enough saved up to kill it.
Rather than having to deal
with something unexpected
when we go for
the finishing move,
let's confirm our
suspicions now.
[RAY, NEMESIS]
Vengeance is Mine!
[NEMESIS]
That's impossible!
No effect?
[FRANKLIN] Oh, man,
that look on your face!
You're really pissing me off!
[laughing] But how? But why?
It should've worked!
Vengeance is Mine
always saves our butts!
Pretty uncanny, right?
Look familiar?
It's the animal ear elixir
I gave you. But wait!
There's more to it.
For instance, the slime
concealed in every vial.
This fella hangs out inside
your body for 24 hours,
transmitting your data to me.
So, by the time it's digested,
I've gotten to know
you real well,
since not only am I
privy to your stats,
but also any conversations
you've might have had.
What? No way!
[FRANKLIN] You and your Embryo's
skills, equipment abilities,
learnable battle moves.
I received all the
information I needed,
thanks to your little run‐in
with the Gouz‐Maise gang.
Then made RSK here to
counter everything you had
at your disposal. Vengeance is
Mine, Purgatorial Flames,
Hellish Miasma,
you name it. After all...
As the name implies,
the Ray Starling Killer
was designed specifically
to kill you.
He's insane.
Why would a Superior go to such
great lengths to take me down?
Why, you ask?
Because I've already lost
against you once before.
When did that happen?
We fought?
[FRANKLIN] You crushed my plot
to assassinate Liliana Grandria,
so I came up with
a plan to crush you.
If you had just minded
your own business,
the bear‐dude wouldn't have been
there and the 50 Demi‐Drag‐Worms
would've taken
care of her, easily.
But you just had to get involved
and ruin everything for me.
Demi‐Drag‐Worms?
A bear‐dude? [gasps]
The glasses‐man gave
me bug repellent!
He said I could pick
remberries in the orchard
without any problem!
Milianne was talking about you.
Lose or yield. I can't stomach
the idea of either.
That's why I have
to destroy you.
So you went and built the RSK.
A little slow, but you
finally understand.
[RAY] Yeah. I understand
I'm going to have to kick
the living crap out of you!
Oh?
Like I said back in the orchard,
anyone who sends a kid
into those woods alone
is in need of a smack!
And that's exactly what
you're gonna get!
My fist in your face!
Say your prayers!
You gonna bark
or bite, dog boy.
[NEMESIS] If we want to
defeat this damn blob,
we've gotta figure out
the reason why
Vengeance is Mine is useless.
I've got a theory
I wanna test out!
[NEMESIS]
Really?
[RAY]
Promise me you won't get mad!
[NEMESIS]
Ray?
[RAY]
Just as I suspected.
Casting a Force Heal!
[NEMESIS] Idiot! Was part of the
plan trying to kill yourself?
Seeing the name
made it worth it.
[NEMESIS]
A name?
Yeah. It's for an entirely
different monster.
[NEMESIS]
Then you mean...
[RAY] That's not the one
that's been attacking us.
But this RSK beast,
it was the only thing he
summoned using his Call!
Or maybe after it was summoned
there was a second monster
created inside of the first.
I don't see what
the point would be.
On any other day, I would agree.
[LILIANA]
Uh?
[RAY] But offensive‐counter
skills have a peculiarity
to them. You see,
they only work against
the enemy that actually
inflicted the damage.
[FRANKLIN]
Well, aren't you a sharp one?
Though, it's not like that's
gonna do anything for ya.
[RAY] So there's a reason why
my attacks aren't working.
You may be a Superior,
but not even you
would be able to create some
kinda invincible monster.
Eh...?
[RAY] Which means there
might be a way.
Even if the odds
are nearly zero,
the possibility
does still exist.
And I won't give up
trying to seize it!
Ha! That's fine and dandy,
but do you think you can grab it
with only 270 seconds left?
[RAY]
Believe me, I'm gonna try!
Ugh.
[RAY] Nemesis. I think I know
how we can turn this around.
[NEMESIS]
You don't mean...?
[RAY] If he's telling
the truth and the slime
was only active for 24 hours,
it wore off before he found out.
[NEMESIS]
You're right.
There's a chance it won't work,
but taking the gamble
feels necessary,
even if the risk is huge.
[NEMESIS] It can't be any
worse than losing this fight.
You've got a point.
Just one problem, though.
Unless we're able to get
those fallen Paladins
out of range, it won't work.
[LINDOS] Sounds like you
have a plan then?
Whatever it is,
you can count us in.
[chuckles]
[LILIANA] All right! I'll
oversee the rescue!
As for me,
I'll keep it from moving.
Let's hope this works!
Now to do our part!
Silver! Activate Wind Hoof!
Why now of all times?
Hear me, Gouz‐Maise!
And release all of your MP!
Somehow, he's accumulated
more Grudge than I expected.
What if he's converting
MP out of fear?
The negative emotions from
tens of thousands of people
in the city because of my game.
RSK! Pull back! Now!
Grand Cross, activate!
Fine. Call‐‐
Silver! Cancel Wind Hoof!
He expended tons of
MP to compress air,
then released it all at once?
[RAY] Don't give it any time
to recover, Silver!
Get ready to fire!
You're just wasting your time!
I told you, it's built
to withstand your skills!
[RAY] So, it can nullify any
attack no matter where they hit?
Then again, if it could, it's
not like you'd ever tell me.
‐‐Since you're a real asshole.
‐‐It's pointless!
I suppose I'm just gonna
have to see for myself then!
[FRANKLIN]
Wait!
Purgatorial Flames!
Firing on full blast!
You may be my natural enemy,
but that doesn't mean
I'm the prey!
[CROWD cheering]
[RAY]
"King of Destruction."